Point users at docker/compose-cli now it’s open source (#38)
docker/cloud-integration-beta: README.md

> > :warning: ** The Docker Cloud Integration has been [opensource ](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli), this repository is now obsolete **:

Reviewer: I think we can spin this as a good thing :)

```suggestion
# The Docker Cloud Integration is now open source as part of the [Compose CLI](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli) 🎉 

You can read more here: https://www.docker.com/blog/open-source-cloud-compose/
```
